Verbal consent was obtained from the patient. The 3 cm  laceration on the  forehead was anesthetized with0.25% marcaine with epinephrine . The wound was cleansed with wound cleanser and copious sterile water,draped and explored in sterile fashion with a bloodless field.  There was no foreign body identified.  There wereno deep structures involved.  The wound was repaired with two 5.0 Vicryl and three 5.0 Prolene sutures with atotal of 5 sutures with tension free closure obtained. The wound repair was simple. The procedure wasperformed by myself. The site was then dressed with antibiotic ointment and sterile dressing. Wound careinstructions and infection precautions explained. Patient verbalizes understanding.  Sutures out in 5 days.

The patient was identified to have a 0.5 cm, superficial, linear laceration to the subcutaneoustissue overlying the right forehead. The wound base was examined and easily visualized, and there was noobvious foreign body in the wound. The area was copiously irrigated with sterile saline. After adequateanesthesia was obtained, Dermabond was used to approximate the wound edges with good results,hemostasis and, and good cosmesis. The procedure was performed by Ethan Grimes, EMT and CCTsupervised by myself.

5 cm full-thickness laceration extending between the eyebrows of the face. verbal consentwas obtained from patient prior to procedure. locally anesthetized with 6cc of 2.5% bupivacaine withepinephrine in the usual fashion, wound was cleansed, probed for FB in a bloodless field and none found.There were no deep structures involved. There was no tendon involvement. The wound was closed with 6deep simple interrupted sutures of 5-0 Vicryl and 15 simple interrupted sutures of 5-0 Prolene. D/W patientwound care, suture removal in 5-7 days, and warning signs of infection. pt verbalized understanding. Thelaceration repair was complex.

Verbal consent was obtained from the patient. The 3 cm laceration on the  Forehead  was anesthetized with1% lidocaine with epi . The wound was cleansed with wound cleanser and copious sterile water, draped andexplored in sterile fashion with a bloodless field.  There was no foreign body identified.  There were no deepstructures involved. The wound was repaired with 5.0 Vicryl and 5.0 Prolene sutures with a total of 5 sutureswith tension free closure obtained. The wound repair was simple. The procedure was performed by myself. Thesite was then dressed with antibiotic ointment and sterile dressing. Wound care instructions and infectionprecautions explained. Patient verbalizes understanding.  Sutures out in 5 days